update changelog (#435)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

### Improvements

> + Added github workflows/examples.yaml to execute [`/examples`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/tree/master/examples) on a private net, on push.

Reviewer: what does it mean "on push"? Could you reword please?

Author: ok

> + Moved [error](http://algobuilder.dev/api/runtime/modules/errors.html) lists, BuilderError, [mkTransaction](http://algobuilder.dev/api/runtime/modules.html#mktransaction) to `@algo-builder/web` package. Reuse mkTransaction, errors in algob and runtime from `@algo-builder/web`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Moved [error](http://algobuilder.dev/api/runtime/modules/errors.html) lists, BuilderError, [mkTransaction](http://algobuilder.dev/api/runtime/modules.html#mktransaction) to `@algo-builder/web` package. Re export `mkTransaction`, `errors` in algob and runtime from `@algo-builder/web` for backward compatibility.
```

+ Updated `algob init` to initialize a typescript project as well by passing `--typescript` flag. Usage: `algob init <location> --typescript`.
+ Support pooled transaction fees in algob and runtime. Added tests.
+ Add `flatFee` in `TxParams`
+ Added support for teal debugger (get dryrun response or start debugger using `tealdbg` in chrome) in `algob` scripts.
+ User can initialize & use accounts by name in `@algo-builder/runtime`, similar to algob ('john', 'bob' etc)
+ Updates to `algob sign-multisig`:
    * Creating a new multisigned transaction (requires multisig metadata: `v, thr, addrs`)

>     * Support for signing in a group transaction (loaded from file).

Reviewer: could you add a short example or a link to an example?

Author: ok, adding link to /guide where we explain usage with example.
